good and welcome to the tasting channel
face to face that we are in a series a
so strange funny skin if I
accompanies micro good people as we are
a little weird the corners that you have to
take a little imagination sometimes and
good are entities that surely either
come out in the game men that if they come out
that's why so good anyway
you like the series you have more skins
funny or you want to create them
you can send them on twitter at
kata crocker or by email from
kata cracker gmail.com
we started come on let's go teapot type
transparent here the last east with the
tetería and this dwelling this is one of those
more I like you have done me good by in the
first one was purple because the team and
they get invisible and they stick their heads in
in plan you know turtle and only the
teapot and cool this is cool you can
get a truth if only project there is
coffee beans you know what I say when
a scam kills you the truth that you have left
pretty much imagine that I kill you one
teapot
because when he has more to go
falling sugar bags 3 Good
next pantheon janitor the typical of
these from the school but good we already have
with the cauldron in the head the eyes
bright broom
the drawing is cool the truth is the typical
he does not even have a history concierge
I remember that I now lacked a
bit some detail but we were
Similar
with the lights in your eyes is the typical
of the janitor of all life when one that
He has not had one like that, but we are not
now and then next that could be
the companion also of pantheons of
jacques also that you imagine the
flashes that you get if that was the one
she was cured and she hits more ajax because
he uses as a weapon anything
He took out a keychain and it's worth it
the wet face this is water and the
skills and the cure and that is
scrubbing you know if you stop for the jump
w
what to take a fence also and water
fashion wetting the central and the r does not put
nothing I do not read it quite well from here
but good anyway let's move on to the next
inverted station you imagine that you
they give one a juanes and this is the theme
of equal already know the 16 the sexual and
dies automatically already of the weight it
it's just the other one goes away and it's fine not
appears the image seems to be
riding the ones that the people who do
esteem them with second ones that river
always does things with seconds and in
this case what has done it we are going
seconds
it lacks a spoiler we pass to next
another inverted
I like it more
others
also on the screen
standard bearer that looks a little boy yesterday
you just have to have low vision as
tourists in the night package
man to see this is not going to come out that's
a fact but it is already thanks to the part
that you do not see at night normally
this one is cool and now we're going to move on
another similar to that here we have one
my rescue because of this run has to
be bigger but I'm what I
I would imagine running and falling every
two times three
it's like when he dies he stays like that
like silly fish xavi and they will see that
there is another corner that
surely we are going fixed they will not go out
but I think it's by watching them
true that the community has one and of
some quite pretty occurrences
funny let's see
this area housewife
it is also that here it is not appreciated but
the effects and everyone knows the particles
are movements of the clothing of the
person are doing what it took them
to do that
besides that the wwe and progress that go
changing I do not know what the cartonboards
do the pants here is not that Ivan
The whole cast and the
radial strip the whole earth in order
good are 1820 housewives soon
in your stores, let's see here
is now that he has invested so that
you know they are here throws some bananas or
bananas then here we have the version
contrary no bananas release two hours
in addition and that could be even a champion
so that I realize you could have the
Mr. banana you know square or girl has
come from the underworld and want
revenge and not three positives are anti
the hours that there the strip
I could be the brother of the
vigilantes and the joints also a
mix that the door can
Well, you are now here or this
banana caracas launcher and good for
true you knew about the king work that
it seems to be official in the
visual improvement of making real yes yes something
something I've seen out there
and the first impression is but it is
well they have details this is fine
made people set well
also as it evolves it goes
removing clothes
it's going away
taking off very little left pnv and good
here we have the real Justin Bieber
let's go on and the last one is well I think
that is one of the channel we have spoken
many times I think it's the
best and skins that I have seen like this
thanks sincerely to me makes me
quite thanks to this pretty girl because if
they tell me that the now do that is a
Air mana battery is each
serving a little bit I'm missing a little
of send to see is cool because it could
employ for example also what the
life if that area every time they kill
that is going down and the same manna
know how a meter I think that
would be better as a meter
manager was also well aware that the
current
today we are being sincere a skin of
this style watching and running a machine
I honestly do not
it would be pretty good or the best
that eva equal to putting this cover not
they do not cut him because he is already a team
of reports but thanks to this uncle
Well, I think we're going to leave
to rave a little and tell me
tell me if you like this video style
if you like it if a little look for it
funny images of diego player and
tell black that thanks for going over
to buy to have fun so good
boys see you in the next
video you already know that you can subscribe and
well everybody knows black and if
you do not know him to enter his channel anymore
you know what I said we see the people